README.md, before:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# Study Template

Use this template to structure your READMEs for studies. Remove text from this
section, or use it to frame the study. Good framing answers the question "Why am
I learning this?".

Be sure to include a recent [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) and Markdown linter
configuration ([`.remarkrc`](.remarkrc)). Also, include an appropriate
`.gitignore`; these are usually found in specific technology templates, for
example [js-template](https://www.github.com/ga-wdi-boston/js-template).

## Prerequisites

-   Topics with which developers should be familiar with.
-   Prerequisites are "just-in-time", so if I have a prerequisite that mentions
    Sass, I would **not** need to include CSS as a prerequisite.
-   [Links to previous materials](https://www.github.com/ga-wdi-boston/example)
    are often useful. Previous materials might include talks or other studies.

## Objectives

By the end of this, developers should be able to:

-   Write objectives that focus on demonstrating knowledge.
-   Write learning objectives that begin with an [imperative
    verb](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_mood).
-   Avoid objectives that start with "Use" or "Understand".
-   Rewrite objectives that begin with "Use" by inverting sentence structure.
-   End each objective with a period.

## Instructions

1.  Fork and clone this repository.
1.  Change into the new directory.
1.  Create and checkout a new branch, named `response`.
1.  Follow the directions given in [`study.md`](study.md).
1.  When finished, push to your fork and submit a pull request.

You may wish to refer to [FAQs](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/)
related to [forking,
cloning](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/ForkAndClone), and [pull
requests](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/PullRequest).

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.

Commit message:

Update README to include pre-reqs and objectives

README.md, after:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# React Components Study

React allows us to "componentize" everything in our UI, turning pieces of our
application into standalone objects called Components.

## Prerequisites

- Familiarity with React
- [React](https://git.generalassemb.ly/ga-wdi-boston/react)

## Objectives

By the end of this, developers should be able to:

- Write both Function and Class based Components
- Render components with custom data
- Update components using state
- Be able to identify and use React's lifecycle functions relating to mounting,
updating, and unmounting

## Instructions

1. Fork and clone this repository.
1. Change into the new directory.
1. Create and checkout a new branch, named `response`.
1. Follow the directions given in [`study.md`](study.md).
1. When finished, push to your fork and submit a pull request.

You may wish to refer to [FAQs](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/)
related to [forking,
cloning](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/ForkAndClone), and [pull
requests](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/PullRequest).

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
